Okay, for the homepage, it doesn't look like you did any styling for the homepage. We need the hero section to be changed and the hero section to be unified throughout the whole site. So, make sure you put it into, like, SuperBase. I think it's under Homepage Heroes, or you should be able to find that section and make the heroes all different then. And I hope you are doing that in SuperBase. And anytime you add content, make sure you put it in the right column in SuperBase. If it's a new section, make sure you keep that there and populate it. And also, when you delete something, make sure you delete it from there. So, the homepage needs to be updated. The party bus section, the vehicle section, party buses, why party buses rock, luxury limos, why limousines rock, and coach buses, and why coach buses work best. Let's remodel all that stuff. Let's make that all bigger pictures, more standout-ish, more creative, more award-winning, more colors, more fun to look at, maybe trivia or something not so lame. Let's let these people have a good experience when they come to this section. And let's put that section, because that section's in every page pretty much. So, make sure that section is in the universal whatever section for styling. And make sure everything should be in SuperBase. So, gather everything from SuperBase there. People can't stop talking about us. The reviews section, that's fine. That's also in SuperBase. Is it the best you can do? If it's not, make that better and make that universal. Trending questions should be called limousine... Let's call it something about limousine or transportation or luxury transportation polls, not questions. And also, these polls, it's weird. You scroll down a little bit on a poll, and the poll pops up. I can't have that happen. I just need it to be scrolling. I need when you click on a poll that it has two links in a very creative fashion that say something about putting this live poll on your website here. Click here. And also, you want just the results. Click here or something like that. But make it fun and friendly and very intuitive so people know what to do with it and how to give me credit. And then include a backlink back to Bus to Ride in that clip. When they click on that, it would load their clipboard. Yeah, so that's the poll section here. Make that much better, much more colorful, much more cool-looking. Makes people want to click on it. Interactive tools, I guess that's fine. Make that better, though. Make the modals better. They look old school. Make sure the coming soon and what that tool is going to do. Homepage frequently asked question. I think all these are located in Superbase already. Popular events we book. This is events. Make this better. This is a whole events section that is in almost every page as well. You should be able to find that and switch it and make it better. And then that's it. Is there anything else you can put on the homepage that would be awesome? And then let's go to the polls section. So the polls page is currently says community polls. Make that better. Make the content way better. And it doesn't have categories or anything. This needs to be totally revamped. I don't know how to do that, though. We have to make it very intuitive. Can you do a bunch of research and figure out how exactly to structure the polls page? Because there are 51,000 polls and I want them at the top to say like, you know, popular places and for the polls and, you know, number one poll for the week and the month and the year and fun stuff and fun stuff. Make all these pages fun. But let's now focus on the homepage and community polls and spice up everything, make everything award winning. This website needs to win awards. And I need much more intuitive stuff, creative, modern style, you know, make it easy for people to get through the pages and make the pages in every make the polls page and the homepage like a funnel, sales funnel and do the research on what a good sales funnel has and keep everything we have in there. But if there's more to it, a good sales funnel would add that too. And then also add everything to super base, too. So everything's in there all ready to go with the content that you generate.