Okay, for the homepage, I don't want all the whole road to be rotating. I want like each individual vehicle to rotate. So don't just rotate everything out once. And not so abrupt, make it easier to see and, you know, rotate slowly or something. I don't know. So it's not just abrupt like that. And then everything else looks good here. And same with limos and same with coach buses. And then below that, party bus, party ride, bus to ride by the numbers. That's fine. Make those all modals though with a good modal. And then the complete guide to group transportation. That's great. Transportation trivia and how to book. This is a great section. We're going to use this section in the future. In fact, on all the other pages where you did the trivia, make this transportation trivia and how to book. So I think on the pricing page, you have pricing trivia. It would be pricing trivia and how to book. And on the events page, it'd be events trivia and how to book, okay? And put that in super base or whatever. People can't stop talking about us. The review section, that's great. Trending polls is great. Interactive tools is great. Explore more is great. Popular events we book, fine. Homepage frequently asked questions is great. Then we go to the fleet page, okay? On the fleet page, we have a few things to adjust, okay? The same thing with the vehicles, okay? So the vehicles look good. I like the harrow. The vehicles look good that way. I like that. They don't need to be rotating in this page because this is the fleet page. Maybe break it up a little bit with something in there that's some CTA or something in there, so it's not just rows and rows of party buses. And then why party buses rock is great. Party buses by the numbers is great. Okay, here again, here's that trivia section. Let's do a trivia section, how to book on the right. The ultimate party bus guide, that's great. We also have limousines and coach buses. That needs to go above, right below why party buses rock, okay? And then the rest of the stuff goes there. And then how the bus to ride booking process works, that's fine. Reviews is fine. Trending questions, which would be trending, whatever this is, page polls would be the name of that. Interactive tools, events, and also a section on continuing exploring. And this should be a good section for all the pages as well. It needs to be the same. It needs to look right. There's a bunch on the left and a bunch on the right. Make it look nice. And then frequently asked questions for the events page or the fleet page. Now events, events doesn't have the right header. It's not the right header as the home and the fleet pages. So make that the correct thing. Break up, there's just list and list and list of events. Make this look better. Maybe like the fleet page, there's going to be a lot of events and a lot of pages. So we got to make this look very much nicer and easier to get, to make that stylish, make that award-winning. Event transportation insights is great. Event planning trivia. Okay, here we go again. Trivia on the left, and then how to book on the right. Reviews is great. Trending questions, trending polls would be better. And then we have the fleet section, which is fine. Tools, continue planning. This should be the super-based same and event frequently asked questions. That's fine. Let's do that. Okay. Let's work on those three and make a checklist and do it all and get it all done for me.