For the location city pages, we have the hero section which is great, and then we also have limousines and coach buses, that's not appropriate, we need to put that way below. And then below that we have this other hero section, which we don't really need two hero sections. So I like the first hero section, so delete the Lake Havasu City, Arizona bus to ride local dispatch, Lake Havasu City, Arizona transportation for epic celebrations or whatever, get rid of that. And then I like this local hub, Lake Havasu City, peak demand, desert heat, that's great. Why book in Havasu City with bus to ride? You would put why book a party bus or a limo or a coach bus, depending on what page this is, because for every city we build party bus, limos, or coach bus pages. And then we have party buses, why party buses rock, how to book in Lake Havasu City, that's fine. Below that, let's do some trivia on the left, how to book, no, don't do that, how to book in Lake Havasu City is fine, and below that we have cities we serve across Arizona. Make this good, I mean, especially in California, like there could be a ton of different cities, so make this really easy to search and categorize the city, please. Lake Havasu City planning guide, routing and distance, these all need to be modals, and this doesn't look very professional. Complete guide to party bus service, that's great. Ready to book, great. People can't, reviews, fantastic. Planning checklist would include your quote, great, I love all that. City transportation, event and seasonal strategy, great. Celebrations, peak seasons, great. Top Lake Havasu City routes and logistic hotspots, fantastic. Lake Havasu City comfort checklist, weather, blah, blah, blah, perfect, perfect, perfect. Everything looks good, just make it all more modern, trending questions or polls would be called, the polls, tools, events, and the frequently asked questions, and below that, ready for Lake Havasu City party bus done right, I love it. Make all this stuff the same for all these city pages, whether it be party buses, coach buses, or limos, and make that specific, like it needs to be Anchorage coach buses, or Anchorage limos, that's the whole point. Make those pages, or the templates, and find out where the template is, so that we can do one side, one part of it, and it does that for every single page, because Superbase has all the info already.