Okay, so for the homepage, I like the hero section. Hero section looks good. It's a little bit weird here toward the bottom. There's like a five-star rated, fully insured, 24-7 support and instant quotes, but it's not like there's buttons above that where you can scroll the pictures and they're all in the same spot, so that needs to be expanded or something. Also, maybe make those instant quotes modals, 24-7 support modals, fully insured, five-star rated, and I have party buses here, and then why party buses rock, luxury limos, and why limos rock, and then coach buses, and why coach buses rock, and I like that, but then I need something like, I like this bus to ride by the numbers, but I think we need something like the complete guide to group transportation after that or some kind of combination of those. In that section next, and then not trivia, so then we probably need the polls, I guess, maybe a content piece. Let's add a content piece. Let's do then the reviews, then the tools, and then the events, or maybe a content piece. Or maybe a combination of all of this, and then we have a section of Explore More, which has links, related pages, internal and external links, and then we have a homepage, frequently asked questions, so yes, we have events, we have frequently asked questions, we have the Explore More, we have interactive tools, we have the complete guide to group transportation, trending questions, which should be called polls from now on, and then we have reviews, and we have transportation trivia, bus to ride by the numbers, and then the vehicle, so I need you to figure out exactly how to make that homepage really shine and really be a funnel and add things in different spots, like just make it perfect, okay? and we need to determine what we are doing on most pages, like pricing for example, we have the pricing stuff at the top and then we have like reviews and then different vehicles, then events, what is the best way to set this up on each page and then lets do that. Figure out sales wise what the best structure is on each page. So each page is a funnel, and skip polls and poll results, we can mess with those later