okay now tell it to fix the slowness of the pictures being loaded like Like when you open up the homepage, the pictures take forever to load. Also, on the homepage, like when the vehicles rotate, like make it quick, like it's a quick, like three seconds and then a different vehicle or an interior of a different vehicle or just different pictures and just make sure they're not all, you know, two of the same vehicle on the same line at the same time. And do that for party buses, limos, and coach buses. As far as everything below, complete guided group transportation, the trivia section, the transportation trivia and how to book on the homepage, you can't click on the trivia. I don't know if that's a setting for the, this is a global section or it should be at least in Superbase. So it should be every section, every transportation trivia area should be clickable. With the arrows below, you can't do anything. You can only click the, to see the question or whatever, see the answer. Trending polls is great there. Interactive tools. Okay. For events, we need you to find event pictures that are free to use. I have some in Superbase, as you can see, where the haunted houses one came from game day, New Year's Eve. We have like March madness, college events. I need you to find all those pictures and put them into Superbase as well. For the polls section, when you have vote on polls, it says browse all polls, but then it says browse by state that needs to be below browse by category. Okay. And the category should be much more vibrant and big at the top. And then the locations, or maybe a few locations, maybe 12 locations and then see all, and then you click on, see all, and it opens up the whole thing or something. And then also when you do click on the sweet 16 polls or whatever, also the menu is messed up in mobile. Make the menu better. It doesn't look right. You can't see when you click on polls, it just says vote now or whatever. You don't see the results. When you open up the modal and desktop for pricing polls or whatever, the switch category thing is at the top. I like that, but it doesn't, it needs to be all there. Okay. And then the polls are great there, but it's just not enough room. Embed poll is too big. Results is too big. Zero votes. It looks weird. So you got to make that bigger, I guess. Make the whole modal bigger and do that. As for poll results, I like poll results, except at the top, it says hot topics and these are polls. I need them to be hot results or something. And then you go browse by state, which is too long. You need to do browse category first and then browse by state. And again, have the state results be see more. And then start with that. And tell Repl.it how to do all this and detail, because it doesn't ever get it detailed checklists and everything. So it does it all in one swoop.